An Interview with Developer 77Lucky7

LuckyBrawl. It's a 2D shooter game where you can gain points to unlock unique and diverse characters, 
new environments, new gamemodes, and environment-exclusive gamemodes,
and has map settings. It's available on PC, web, and mobile.
Below is an interview between me and 77Lucky7 himself.

1.) Can you explain the mechanics behind the X-Points system for unlocking characters and environments? What was your thought process in designing this progression system?

X-Points can be gained by winning battles. Once you reach certain thresholds, you will unlock characters and environments. 
The number of X-Points required are specified on the locked character's icon or environment button. 
I wanted to make this progression system a way for players to diversify their experience while playing the game, 
while also being curious about what they may unlock next in the game.

2.) What are your plans for future updates or expansions for "LuckyBrawl"?

For future updates, I plan to add more characters and game modes. 
I may also add limited-time characters and/or game modes by having an update available for a week (for example) before locking the character.
I also plan to add more lore behind all of the characters, since I like the idea of having players connect with the characters, like them, and/or potentially relate to them.
I could add other ideas based on feedback, and I want to make sure that the features I add have some kind of purpose and make the game more interesting.

3.) Are there any new features or game modes you're excited to introduce in future updates?

Yes, there are new features and game modes that I'm excited to introduce in future updates.

4.) What sets LuckyBrawl apart from other games 2d web shooter games?

LuckyBrawl is special because there are unique characters and environments that are both familiar and unfamiliar. 
The location for an environment may be familiar,
but the dynamics of the characters to belong to it along with the exclusive game modes that belong to those environments add the style that makes it all unique.
LuckyBrawl is also special because of its map settings, which gives the players the choice of how they can play the game. Players can choose the number of teams,
teammates, length of a game round, and a range for minimum and maximum map sizes that the map's size for a round will be within.

5.) You mentioned before this interview that your player base was struggling, why do you believe that is?

I believe that my player base is struggling because I have only gotten a few comments on the game and only about 30 views total. 
It has only been 3 days since the game has released, and I'm not sure if the game will be able to grow without consistently posting about it on social media. 
I do understand that the game might need more time to get popular, and I hope that it does get more popular soon so that I can have more feedback and ideas to work with. 
I like seeing others' ideas and being inspired by them.

6.) It's quite difficult to get a game to function on so many different devices, how were you able to accomplish this?

I was able to make LuckyBrawl able to function on different devices by using the tools Unity has. 
Unity has tools which make my game able to function on PC, web, and mobile. 
Besides that, I also used Unity's pivot and anchoring system to make my UI elements able to fit on a variety of different sizes. 
It took several tries to get the UI elements on each screen working without being cut off, stretched incorrectly, or off-screen.

7.) I noticed LuckyBrawl was published back on August 27th of 2023, yet it was updated a mere 2 days ago.
why have you continued to maintain it if as you'd stated it had such a small player base?

Actually, the game itself was published on January 1st, 2025.
August 27th, 2023 may be referring to the game mod it used to be, and I was inspired to turn it into a full game instead so that I can have more freedom with making the kind of game I want to make. 
As I developed it, it did have a small player base, 
and I believed that I could make it get more popular if I actually started to release a version for everyone to play and start promoting it on social media.

8.) why don't X points dispaly during battle's?

X-Points do not display during battles since there aren't any game modes which involve gaining X-Points in the middle of a battle, and I think it may block the player's field of view a little bit.

9.) As far as I can see LuckyBrawl is the only game you've published if this is true do you have plans for any future titles?

As of right now, I do not have any plans for future titles. I do hope I can make future ones though, or at the very least, continue updating LuckyBrawl and make it the best game it could be.

10.) How has your experience as a game developer evolved while working on "LuckyBrawl"?

While working on LuckyBrawl, I was quite clueless on where to start. However, using AI has helped me figure out how to make everything work. 
I already knew how to make graphical assets, music, and sound effects based on previous experience. 
On the first month of working on LuckyBrawl (September to October 2024), I was able to mostly develop the game successfully. 
However, what messed my progress up is that I had to revamp the entire team system since I had not originally designed the game with mechanics to handle multiple teams with multiple teammates and enemies. 
I kept running into a lot of bugs when adding these mechanics despite having different ideas of how to fix them, and I had decided to quit making the game for a month due to a lack of motivation and time. 
However, a month later (in November), I had found enough time and motivation to continue making the game, but that time, I had an idea that I believed could potentially work. 
I decided to make a new Unity game from scratch while keeping the original, broken version of the game. I used AI and my ideas to code everything from scratch, trying to be as specific as possible with what I wanted and what I needed in order to make it work. 
This clean, unbugged version of the game ended up being a prototype for the game mode players start off with. Then, I decided that it was time to start merging the two versions together. 
I removed the old system and ended up successfully replacing it with the new system. From there, it was a matter of doing research and learning from the AI about how I could add all of the features that the game currently has. 
I experienced many bugs along the way, but now, I feel comfortable and confident in my ability to make new in-game content and features.

11.) LuckyBrawl is available for free on itch.io, What incentivizes your development?

What incentivizes me to create LuckyBrawl was my inspiration from other games, 
the potential ideas that I could add to my game that the other games didn't already have, 
and the potential things I could do with the game if it had an active community. If the game had an active community, 
I could do things such as creating polls to vote on things for future in-game content and creating characters and game modes based on the community's ideas. 
I was also incentivized by the potential money I could make by making a likable and versatile game. 
There was supposed to be a shop where players could buy X-Points to unlock later in-game content so that I could get money and not have to get a regular job, 
though I didn't think the feature would have a purpose without enough players playing my game. 
I do plan to add the shop if the game gets popular enough.


12.)Have you considered implementing multiplayer features or community events in LuckyBrawl? If so, what would they look like?

I have considered adding multiplayer features in LuckyBrawl, 
but I decided not to add them for now since game servers can cost money. 
I have also considered adding community events. If the game gets a bigger community, 
community events would likely revolve around some kind of challenge in order to unlock exclusive rewards, 
though I would need to think more about how exactly the system would work once the game does get a bigger community.

13.) What inspired you to enter game development?

What inspired me to enter game development is that there are always viral games that people on the internet and in real life are talking about. 
I see games as a way to provide a uniquely styled experience to players, 
and I believe that I could make a game without or with less flaws compared to other games. 
Going viral has a lot of potential, and by making a good, promising game, I believe it can definitely be possible.

14.)What tools or game engines did you use to develop "LuckyBrawl", and why did you choose them?

I used Scratch (www.scratch.mit.edu) to create the art and sounds.
I found it quite interesting how using a millisecond of random sounds and copying, pasting, speeding up, slowing down, and using other effects could somehow lead to the creation of new and interesting sounds. 
I chose to use Scratch for these things because I had used it for a couple of years in the past before,
 and it served as a starting point for making games since it teaches the fundamentals for doing so.
 It also inspired me to move onto more advanced engines. I chose Unity since it is a popular and versatile game engine,
 and I've seen a game that uses Unity go viral before.

15.) I noticed you have a discord, what does your playerbase/community mean to you?

My community is a way for me to make my game better, while also allowing me to potentially connect with people with similar interests. 
I also view my community as a source of ideas and inspiration and a means of interaction that allows me to make my game interactive and interesting.

16.) How can other people support your continued future development and career?

People can support my future development and career by following/joining/subscribing to me on social media, leaving comments, and using the in-game shop I plan to add in the future so that I can consider game development a viable career.
I like the idea of making my ideas come to life in a new, fun, interesting, and engaging way, and I don't want all my effort to go to waste.

you can see 77Lucky7's social media's below:

YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@77lucky77

TikTok:
https://www.tiktok.com/@77lucky7_gd

Reddit:
https://www.reddit.com/user/77LuckyLucky7/

Discord Server:
https://discord.com/invite/76qr6J4jgF
