Mass Censorship Campaign!

Congress is already considering a bill known as Kids the online safety act which will force age verification systems for social media firms,
require parental consent for users under 18 years of age, and enforce 2,500$ fines for noncompliance. 
This may seem well intentioned on paper but often means the free speech online will be screened, and censored by the government and their agencys  
anonymity will also be threatened and it will become impossible to remain annonymous online after the passing of the aftermentioned bills.
S. 1748 https://www.congress.gov/bill/119th-congress/senate-bill/1748/text
This law is clearly a violation of first ammendment rights and following its consideration, several state legislatures have already begun to pass their own censorship bills.
of which those states are listed below:
	 1.)Connecticut
	 2.)Louisiana
	 3.)Texas
	 4.)Maryland
	 5.)Utah
	 6.)Tennessee
	 7.)Florida
	 8.)Georgia
	 9.)Minnesota
	10.)Arkansas
	11.)Ohio
	12.)California
Make no mistake this bill is not catered toward protecting teenagers, it is an unmistakeable act of overeach and control by our governments.
Youtubes AI child detection enforcement is a perfect example of how this policy might be implemented. Youtube is implementing an ai that will 
scan viewers content then build a profile to determine if they are an adult, if the ai detects they are not the ai will then request an ID in order
for the websites continued use. blanket age restrictions or overly broad content moderation mandates are in fact unconstitutional censorship. 

Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R‑TN), Introduced this bill

this is a list of its known current co-sponsors:
Richard Blumenthal (D‑CT)

John Thune (R‑SD)

Chuck Schumer (D‑NY)

Amy Klobuchar (D‑MN)

John Hickenlooper (D‑CO)

Mark Kelly (D‑AZ)

Margaret Wood Hassan (D‑NH)

Martin Heinrich (D‑NM)

Brian Schatz (D‑HI)

Roger Marshall (R‑KS)

Mike Crapo (R‑ID)

Ashley Moody (R‑FL)

Steve Daines (R‑MT)

Kevin Cramer (R‑ND)

Shelley Moore Capito (R‑WV)

Cindy Hyde‑Smith (R‑MS)

Ben Ray Luján (D‑NM)

John Cornyn (R‑TX)

Angela Alsobrooks (D‑MD)

Pete Ricketts (R‑NE)

Lisa Murkowski (R‑AK)

Dan Sullivan (R‑AK)

Chuck Grassley (R‑IA)

Susan Collins (R‑ME)

Peter Welch (D‑VT)

James Lankford (R‑OK)

Todd Young (R‑IN)

Joni Ernst (R‑IA)

Jon Ossoff (D‑GA)

Dick Durbin (D‑IL)

Katie Britt (R‑AL)

Gary Peters (D‑MI)

Jeanne Shaheen (D‑NH)

Sheldon Whitehouse (D‑RI)

Jim Banks (R‑IN)

Chris Murphy (D‑CT)

Thom Tillis (R‑NC)

John Kennedy (R‑LA)

Roger Wicker (R‑MS)

Rick Scott (R‑FL)


Block Beard (Block Bad Electronic Art and recording distributors) is another censorship bill being introduced by congress and the senate in the united states,
the bipartisan bill intends to introduce a legal mechanism for corporatations to ammend copyright law in their favour, so they can request federal courts
to designate online locations as foreign online digital piracy sites which subsequently will allow U.S. ISPs to block access to these websites and deny their services
to american citizens.

these are the current senators in support of the block beard bill:
Thom Tillis, Republican, North Carolina
Chris Coons, Democrat, Delaware
Marsha Blackburn, Republican, Tennessee
Adam Schiff, Democrat, California

S. 737, officially titled the SCREEN Act is another bill under scrutiny against constitutional liberties.
The Act mandates that online platforms implement age verification systems, Enforcement will be handled by the Federal Trade Commission,
Platforms that violate the Act may be subject to audits, penalties, and legal action by the FTC,
make no mistake this bill will be used to retain your personal information and verification data; and further censor you. it is an act of control
by the government, and any claims of protecting children is a red herring and propoganda.

Sen. John R. Curtis (R‑Utah)
Sen. Jim Banks (R‑Indiana)

These two Senators joined Lee as original cosponsors when the bill was introduced,
The companion legislation in the House has been introduced as H.R. 1623, led by Representative Mary Miller (R‑Illinois)

In further news Paypal, Visa, Mastercard, and the other payment processors have begin denying purchasing power from american citizens on steam, and Itch.io for content they do not approve of.
This has culminated in millions of gamers and video game developers reaching out to these companies and incurring massive backlash trigerring hysteria inside of these payment processors and overloaded phonelines
resulting in Itch.Io and Steam to begin searching for alternative payment processors, 
Which is in fact what this article was originally going to be about.
This censorship campaign started with australian feminist activist group Collective Shout.

We do have ways of fighting back.
S.401 - Fair Access to Banking Act:
When you want to get paid online in the USA, you have to do business with a payment processor
the fair access to banking act is an act in its introductory stage designed to prohibit large financial institutions
over $10 billion in assets from denying financial services without objective justification, and from accessing taxpayer-funded programs.
In the bill denials of services must be based on clear, quantitative, impartial, risk-based criteria, not reputational concerns or political considerations.
it would in short prevent payment processors from cutting off lawful purchases from customers, 
Under the bill large fiscal institutions who deny purchases of lawful goods and services could face up to a 10 thousand dollar penalty by the OCC
per assesment and provides a method for the OCC to withdraw them from deposit insurance eligibility
regardless of its low penalty it functions as a political statement than a regulatory game-changer. 
and processors would be indirectly affected through the banks they rely on.
https://www.congress.gov/bill/119th-congress/senate-bill/401/text

In order to resolve these issues you should contact your payment processors, visa, mastercard, paypal, JCB, etc;
contact your representatives in congress and the senate and politely declare your displeasure with the current state of 
legal affairs adressing these issues directly and their statutes, especially the ones advocating for them. Send this article 
over twitter, reddit, and other platforms and bring this information to light. Leave comments on Youtube requesting that creators
move to Rumble or other platforms, and download and preserve your favorite roms, video games, videos, audio, music, and general content on
your local machine as you can in order to protect it.

I apologize for the low opinionated quality of this article, I am a hobbyist and did not have the time 
I typically allocate to edit this script.
