An Interview with Addmix on the current state of the industry

IndieGameNews

Recently I had an interview with a developer on the state of affairs in the industry, 
these were the results of our interaction.

1.) What do you think the biggest problems are in the current industry?

Lack of focus on gameplay.

2.) would you like to expand on that?

I've just noticed an uncomfortable trend of games focusing on adding more gimmicks, and making things more complicated, 
rather than iterating on the base features of the game to make them as fun as possible.
Look at the Call of Duty franchise, it's been around for more than 2 decades, 
it's a game about shooting people with guns. 
What significant improvement has been made on gun mechanics in the franchise?
At a basic level, the mechanics of how the guns handle, and operate is unchanged back to the first game in the franchise. 
Some mix of RNG and sight bloom, as if a better alternative doesn't exist.
Luckily, the competition from Helldivers 2 seems to have inspired Treyarch to improve movement for the first time since maybe the original MW2? 
Omnimovement definitely is a gimmick, and doesn't have a huge effect on gameplay experience, 
but at least it shows they are willing to shake things up, when suitable competition comes a-knocking.

3.) What would you as a developer like to see changed?

I'd probably change a few things.
I think that generally, time-to-kill in games should be decreased,
I don't think that the increase in TTK that has been observed over the past few years is executed very well. 
I think the game design they are going for, increase movement speed, and increase TTK will help them with casual audiences, 
which may be true, however I think it removes the penalty players incur when they put themselves in a bad position.
Other than that, I'd like to see general gun mechanics improve,
I don't think a game dedicated to shooting guns should have the most basic accuracy/recoil system consisting of camera recoil and sight bloom.
I think games like Insurgency Sandstorm and Ready or Not have good ideas, 
having bullets fire from the barrel, and applying recoil as simulations/dynamic animations to the model.

4.) what other titles do you believe suffer from these aforementioned problems?

It's hard to say. 
Battlefield definitely has to a degree. A game that I used to play a lot,
which I think was quite innovative in it's lifespan is Phantom Forces, a Roblox game. 
Over the years of balance updates, movement speed has increased significantly,
where most weapons across the board have been nerfed.

I know there are some players that do enjoy the fast movement and slower TTK, 
but more than anything I wish that the modern idea of forever-games didn't exist. 
We still have the option to go back and play the original MW2, in almost exactly the same way as it released. 
There's a certain point with live-service games where developers need to consider the game "done" and release a sequel, 
leaving the original game intact.

5.) It's a pity that this is the case. Would you like to elaborate on your experiences explaining how we got to this point?

It's definitely been the increase in competitive play. 
It seems like everyone would rather focus on winning than having a good time. 
I see it fairly frequently, where people don't play games because the game itself is fun, 
but because they are addicted to winning, increasing their kill/death ratio, unlocking the next character/weapon, 
or whatever other pseudo-addictive game design feature.
It's a stark contrast compared to the era of Xbox 360 games, that were all very casual/party focused. 
Halo 5 exemplifies this shift, compared to Halo 3 or Reach, which still had a very large casual audience.

6.) And when do you think this shift began, with Halo 5 as you mentioned? Why the change?

Probably the success of E-sports games like Counter Strike and Rainbow Six Siege. 
Developers want to cash in on the competitions. 
There have been a lot of games trying to force themselves into being perfectly balanced and competitive experiences, 
Insurgency Sandstorm's release was a bit of a flop due to how heavily they tried to lean into marketing it as a competitive PVP game, 
rather than what the game actually excels at.

7.) is there anything else in the development landscape you'd like to touch on? the Palworld-Nintendo Situation? EA Games? Helldivers? ConcernedApe? Or something else?

That all sounds like industry drama to be honest. 
I don't thinks it's really profitable or productive for anyone, except maybe tabloid journalists who need clickbait. 
there has been, and always will be some form of drama going on, 
I think the only thing that might have a positive effect on the industry would be better games.

8.) What do you think the future of gaming looks like in terms of innovation? 
Are there any trends you’re particularly excited, or worried about?

I'm definitely interested to see how communities like the Redot Engine progress, 
I hope that idea of "Just make games" helps the industry focus on quality, 
rather than quantity or graphics/art.

9.) how would you describe the "just make games" philosophy to those reading this?

Gaming isn't about the developers belief. 
Games shouldn't be about making sure everyone has the same opinions, 
and most people don't want to play games that try to force the player to submit to the developer's opinions. 
Just focus on the game itself, and how you can make it as good as it can be. Respect other people's beliefs and opinions, 
and don't sacrifice your reputation or waste your time in a vain attempt to force people to agree with your own opinions.

10.) some would argue that it's impossible to create a story without putting your own bias in it, how do you rebuttal that?

There are plenty of examples of stories, 
especially those with sensitive subject matter that do not force the player/reader/viewer to believe in something they do not, 
nor shame them for the beliefs they might have. 
When I watched "The Zone of Interest", 
I didn't necessarily agree with everything that is portrayed in the film, 
and I assume even the writers and actors would disagree with the actions and historical figures being portrayed, 
but despite it all, noone was lectured about their beliefs. 
They never told the characters or the viewers how they needed to interpret the events depicted. 
The movie itself was just a raw and direct account of events, 
with the audience left to digest and take away whatever meaning they might find. 
I don't personally believe that media that preaches and pushes certain opinions are persuasive to most audiences. 
At the end of the day, that's why it's unproductive to try to force your will onto others.

11.) What do you think gamers could do right now to mitigate some of the issues you addressed?

Know what you are getting into. 
Don't support developers or franchises that treat your poorly, or look down on you. 
The consumer is the most valuable part of any business, and without them no business can succeed.

12.) is there anything people could do to help support you and your development career?

By far the most valuable thing to have is a community. 
If you are interested in game development, flight simulators, or sandbox games, 
consider stopping by in my Discord server and say "hello".

https://discord.gg/w47buyMpvR
https://youtube.com/@addmix
https://warning-low-tides.itch.io/
https://github.com/addmix
